---
title: "SEO Intern and Jr. Software Engineer"
date: 2021-07-21 00:00:00 -0500
categories: [Experience]
tags: [Data Analysis]
---
Embarking on my professional journey as a __Junior Software Engineer__, I had the privilege of working with __YM Grad__ in India from June 2020 to July 2021. This valuable experience allowed me to showcase my skills and make a significant impact on the company's digital presence and user experience.

One of my key responsibilities was to boost the company's website visibility and drive organic traffic. To achieve this, I delved into extensive research to identify high-potential keywords relevant to the industry. By implementing effective search engine optimization (SEO) strategies, I successfully increased the website's organic traffic by an impressive 200%. This improvement not only enhanced the company's online presence but also attracted a larger audience to their offerings. I also worked on improving the student experience by developing a tailored school and program recommendation system. To accomplish this, I aggregated data from diverse sources, such as student preferences, academic records, and industry trends. By leveraging this wealth of information, we successfully increased the acceptance rate for students by an impressive 75%. 

My tenure at YM Grad was an enriching experience that allowed me to make a tangible impact on the company's digital success. From implementing effective SEO strategies to increasing the acceptance rate for students and developing an efficient administration system, I harnessed my technical skills to deliver significant results.